node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:1885:“You don’t understand,” explained the criminal. “I wasn’t driving.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:1722:One day he heard a criminal case, which was in preparation and on the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:1758:ill. A priest was needed to attend the criminal in his last moments.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:1784:upon his neck, side by side with the criminal bound with cords.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:10611:sixty-six of the code of criminal examination, I am the judge. I order
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:10945:criminal in the presence of his judge, until it should please the mayor
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:13946:interest in this affair? Is it a criminal case? Are you a witness?”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:14275:of silence, where all the apparatus of a criminal case, with its petty
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:14468:a criminal who has broken his ban, and not the frightful chastisement
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:14924:am fulfilling a duty; I am that miserable criminal. I am the only one
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:18646:and was condemned to the death penalty in consequence. This criminal
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:24204:and was reputed dead, on a criminal whom justice had formerly classed
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:31122:two or three months, came to Paris on the sly, like a criminal breaking
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:38051:Bigrenaille, figured later on in many criminal trials, and became a
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:42162:a death sentence and passed the night in revising a criminal suit,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:42183:criminal, who is one of the most generous figures of our day: “His
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:42237:criminal than a Vendean is a ruffian. Let us, then, impute to the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:50037:are losing the sense of their criminality, and that they feel, even
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:52040:mute, with pendant arms and the face of a criminal; M. Gillenormand was
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:53224:were visible genuine visages of criminals and ignoble mouths which
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:69466:And he paused. One would have said that they were two criminals.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:69949:criminal, who is in the path of repentance, may be scrupulous in the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:69969:that old criminal?
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:72078:trace of things and of bringing home the crime to the criminal. He put
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:73200:which the bodies of executed criminals were dragged by hooks to be
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:1804:ready-handed criminal agent, as it was possible to conceive. In his
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:1901:rather have my bracelets on him than on any criminal in London. He’s a
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:1964:criminals of London should take a considerable interest in this cellar
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:2123:daring criminals in London. He was doing something in the
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:3054:circumstantial evidence pointed to a criminal it does so here.”
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:3680:“Who was the criminal, then?”
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:3763:to the personality of the criminal.”
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:5888:bizarre without being criminal. We have already had experience of
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:7708:the first of criminals. He has nerve and he has knowledge. Palmer and
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:8744:But the inspector was mistaken, for those criminals were not destined
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:8889:nothing except the criminal news and the agony column. The latter is
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:10941:the great cases are past. Man, or at least criminal man, has lost all
37
