node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:3402:Cody was fifty years old then, a product of the Nevada silver fields,
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:5401:buildings moved by. Then out into the spring fields, where a yellow
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:6416:vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4349:hoping to find some tree or haystack in the fields which would afford
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4679:fields, intending to sleep in the open air, beneath the stars. There
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:5281:He escaped. He wandered for two days in the fields at liberty, if being
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6274:out at a very hasty pace through the fields, taking whatever roads and
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:7237:The four merry couples, mingled with the sun, the fields, the flowers,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:7250:from everything. There was once a fairy who created the fields and
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:8700:house or the village, and was always in the street or the fields before
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:8933:in strolling in the fields.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:10147:who think themselves gentlemen in the dram-shop; who say, “My fields,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:12527:liberty. He should never more stroll in the fields; he should never
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:12674:“I left the town and began to ramble about the fields.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:13109:horses are in the fields. The season for ploughing is just beginning;
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:13364:morning, he watched the trees, the thatched roofs, the tilled fields
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:17481:rye-fields all along the Nivelles road; hardly anything was left of
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:18382:of the sky. In the fields, branches of trees broken by grape-shot, but
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:19784:it was the open fields. Black and desert space was before her. She
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:19911:speed through the forest, across the fields to the houses, to the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:20153:return to the road to Montfermeil; he struck across the fields to the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:29675:but fields, houses, or trees in what a stretch of country offers us, is
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:32818:fields of wild oats and corn-flowers, and busied himself with clouds
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:34194:misfortune, isolation, abandonment, poverty, are the fields of battle
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:45549:peeled. Jean Valjean loved to haunt these fields. Cosette was not bored
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:50177:limit to wealth, in creating vast fields of public and popular
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:56389:had left on all the victorious battle-fields of Europe drops of that
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:62877:fields into our cities, and to send back to the fields the rich water
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:63564:the earth; the return to the soil of dung and of manure to the fields.
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:4137:ever he set foot in the town. He had a garden and two or three fields
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:7374:fields. There it is, where the lady is walking.”
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:8263:a deposit of fuller’s-earth in one of my fields. On examining it,
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:8274:neighbouring fields. This we have now been doing for some time, and in
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:8281:fields and carrying out our plans. That is why I have made you promise
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:11335:and the dock. But look at these lonely houses, each in its own fields,
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2970:Mornings before daylight I slipped into cornfields and borrowed a
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:4851:in de mawnin' some er de niggers come along, gwyne to de fields, en dey
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:9018:the hands was gone to the fields; and there was them kind of faint
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:9044:the cotton fields begins, and after the fields the woods.
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:9734:breakfast and starting for the fields; and Jim's nigger was piling up
42
