node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:158:stood on my shelf in red and gold like new money from the mint,
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:210:freedom with money was a matter for reproach—but now he’d left Chicago
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:953:“It’s a bitch,” said Tom decisively. “Here’s your money. Go and buy
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:1043:these fellas will cheat you every time. All they think of is money. I
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:1112:where all his money comes from.”
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:1408:easy money in the vicinity and convinced that it was theirs for a few
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:2206:“My family all died and I came into a good deal of money.”
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:2316:nonolfactory money. The city seen from the Queensboro Bridge is always
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:2355:“I handed the money to Katspaugh and I said: ‘All right, Katspaugh,
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:2814:much money, do you?”
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:2828:and you might pick up a nice bit of money. It happens to be a rather
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:3101:took me just three years to earn the money that bought it.”
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:3103:“I thought you inherited your money.”
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:3407:from his money. The none too savoury ramifications by which Ella Kaye,
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:3442:And it was from Cody that he inherited money—a legacy of twenty-five
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:4179:“Her voice is full of money,” he said suddenly.
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:4181:That was it. I’d never understood before. It was full of money—that
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:4296:“I didn’t mean to interrupt your lunch,” he said. “But I need money
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:4306:“Big chance,” Wilson smiled faintly. “No, but I could make some money
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:4309:“What do you want money for, all of a sudden?”
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:4744:“He came to us dead broke. He was very glad to pick up some money, old
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:5351:must be made by some force—of love, of money, of unquestionable
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:6364:things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:6594:* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:6603:  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:6646:receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
node1/node13/node131/alice_in_wonderland.txt:3581:* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
node1/node13/node131/alice_in_wonderland.txt:3590:  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
node1/node13/node131/alice_in_wonderland.txt:3633:receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:1461:After a time, offerings of money flowed in. Those who had and those who
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:1465:distress. Considerable sums of money passed through his hands, but
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:1471:received. It was like water on dry soil; no matter how much money he
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:1537:his grain to his granary.” To families divided by questions of money
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:1724:the end of his resources, had coined counterfeit money, out of love for
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:1923:money; when he no longer had any, he visited the rich.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:2031:assessed themselves to raise the money for a new altar for
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:2032:Monseigneur’s oratory; on each occasion he had taken the money and had
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:2593:six francs each to regild them, but it is much better to give the money
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:3918:answered, “I have money.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:3961:you in advance? I have money, I tell you.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:3970:“You have money—”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4240:the garden, in which to sleep? Tell me; can you? For money?”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4424:“Because I have no money.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4684:you keep an inn? I have money—savings. One hundred and nine francs
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4686:of nineteen years. I will pay. What is that to me? I have money. I am
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4734:good people. Besides, I have money. I will pay well. Pardon me,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4743:going to demand any money of me? You are the curé, are you not? the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4756:“No,” said the Bishop; “keep your money. How much have you? Did you not
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4774:The man continued: “I have still the whole of my money. In four days I
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:4917:“‘No,’ returned the man, ‘they have more money. You are poor; I see
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6254:“Do not forget, never forget, that you have promised to use this money
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6318:Among this money there was one forty-sou piece.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6342:composed of ignorance and innocence, “my money.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6352:“Sir,” resumed the child, “give me back my money.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6357:The child began again, “My money, sir.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6362:“My piece of money!” cried the child, “my white piece! my silver!”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6370:“I want my piece of money! my piece of forty sous!”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6483:He drew two five-franc pieces from his money-bag and handed them to the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6596:who, by habit and instinct, had simply placed his foot upon that money,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6606:the situation in which he found himself,—in stealing the money from
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:6618:child in order to return his money to him; then, when he recognized the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:7724:Some money to an agent gave,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:7730:With all their money back returned.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:8443:money there, and as soon as I have a little I will return for my
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:8471:up her money and left her child, fastened her carpet-bag once more, now
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:8592:they were again in need of money. The woman took Cosette’s outfit to
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:8761:come to town with very little money, a few hundred francs at the most.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:8808:had not a little money in it; no dwelling so lowly that there was not
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:8896:When they saw him making money, they said, “He is a man of business.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:8897:When they saw him scattering his money about, they said, “He is an
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:8950:money when he went out; but they were empty on his return. When he
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:9129:inquired his name, and gave him money. The little Savoyards told each
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:9563:oversteps his respite, and the state expends a great deal of money in
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:9615:no consequence whatever to them, spend more money, waste more time,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:9848:petticoat made the Thénardiers furious. It was the money that they
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:10041:After all it was a ruse of the Thénardiers to obtain money. Cosette was
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:10329:money. Don’t put me in prison! You see, there is a little girl who will
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:10672:work any longer if you do not like. I will give all the money you
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:16058:reserving as much money as possible from what Jean Valjean had left for
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:18607:discover where Jean Valjean has concealed this money since his return
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:18868:therefore it contained money. Hence his researches. Boulatruelle had
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:20133:money; he pays to Lagny, and he goes only as far as Chelles. It is
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:20601:could have become of that money? The unhappy little creature could not
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:20662:did not occur to him to steal the money that was on the floor.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:20928:to her husband and counting over some money; Ponine and Zelma were
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:20992:nor the loss of the money, nor the sight of the whip, nor even the sad
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:21062:out the man, as he would have scented out a bag of money. This did not
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:21172:so long as he has money?”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:21504:deal of money. And then, I have my daughters. I have no need to bring
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:21606:“How strange it is, one grows attached. What money is that? Take back
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:21615:tiny thing. It is true that she costs us money; it is true that she has
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:21672:costume, when he had so much money in his purse? Questions which he put
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:22056:lack money, he procured clothing. A small country-house in the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:22645:unfortunate man, put a piece of money into his hand, often a silver
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:29202:This specimen of Vendean paper money had been nailed to the wall by the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:29507:on the public streets. This curious money, which receives the name of
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:33000:resources. He had no money, but he found means, when it seemed good to
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:33539:brother. Take away _Time is money_, what remains of England? Take away
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:33996:“But I must have my money.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:34015:“Have you any money?”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:34353:money which he had laid by. No one had been able to give him any news
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:34473:mind, the millionnaire of money. All hatred departs from his heart, in
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:34883:reasoned as follows: “The old druid has not sunk all his money in a
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:37654:are, it’s money! Ah! money! Never! Because they say that we would go
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:37740:“Hey? What did I say? Duds! No money! They are all alike! By the way,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:39422:“And the money?” inquired the woman.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:40075:great deal of money, and from whom I might have extracted enough to
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:40174:this, let’s have an end of it. I want money, I want a deal of money, I
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:40175:must have an enormous lot of money, or I’ll exterminate you, by the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:40490:told you that I exacted money, a lot of money, a deal of money. That
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:40506:stick at money, and a benevolent man like yourself can certainly give
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:43400:As Marius had no longer any money, he borrowed the five francs from
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:43402:money. These periodical five francs were a double riddle to Courfeyrac
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:43828:of money and advertisements in the newspapers and I will buy, I know
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:44260:“I don’t want your money,” said she.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:46109:“The baker demands a settlement, and says, ‘no money, no bread.’”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:46121:“But, Monsieur, we can’t live like that without money.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:46511:to the Rue de Babylone. It was usually when money was lacking in the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:47727:baker, who, now that they had paid their money, looked angrily at them.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:49603:own; to-morrow it will be anxiety about money, the day after to-morrow
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:51514:“Go away with you! Are you mad? Why, I should have to have money, and I
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:52570:He set to work to eat up the money for these copies. When he saw that
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:52604:“I have no money to buy any dinner.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:52663:ill. There is one thing sadder than having no money with which to buy
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:52664:bread at the baker’s and that is having no money to purchase drugs at
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:52806:failures; no more money, private fortunes rendered uneasy, public
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:53434:distributed money to the workmen. At the barricade of the Rue Grenetat,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:53772:“How fat those moneyed men are! They’re drunk! They just wallow in good
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:53773:dinners. Ask ’em what they do with their money. They don’t know. They
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:54834:up. He gives a revolution as a tradesman whose money-box is empty gives
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:55212:good fellow. Having never had any money, I never acquired the habit of
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:57330:your money.’ I hope you picked up your coin? You are not rich. I did
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:58132:“Well,” returned Jean Valjean, “keep the money for your mother!”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:61942:successful in business, I have houses to lease, I have money in the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:62106:guide civilization. Genuflection before the idol or before money wastes
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:64833:show me your money.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:64855:money about him. The mournful life of expedients to which he had been
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:66163:find the money in the earth at the foot of a tree; in the meanwhile, he
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:66963:Valjean. Later on, every time that Jean Valjean needed money, he went
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:66967:that the hour was at hand, when that money might prove of service, he
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:67178:attend to business, they gamble on ’Change, they win money, they are
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:69617:placing money in a bank a great matter truly. Men make mysteries out of
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:70741:perhaps, discovered that the money came from him, Jean Valjean, that he
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:70950:abstained from touching that money.
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:71218:strength to recall them, listen well, this money is really thine. Here
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:71503:journey is long and costly. I need a little money.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:72007:would show me his empty hands, and, since I am in need of some money
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:72108:Jean Valjean, and the bearer of an enormous sum of money.”
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:72184:action and to cause evil things to spring from it. With Marius’ money,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:72629:that you have not been willing to touch that money. That money really
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:72635:less costly. You will understand how much money can be made in that
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:72708:Monsieur Pontmercy. It is honest money. You may be rich with a tranquil
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:73409:* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:73418:  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:73461:receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:250:and fifty guineas apiece. There’s money in this case, Watson, if there
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:484:“Then, as to money?”
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:1341:so that the trustees are at their wits’ end what to do with the money.
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:1906:week, and be raising money to build an orphanage in Cornwall the next.
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:1974:has become known that we have never had occasion to unpack the money,
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:2347:so they have the use of the money just while I am staying with them. Of
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:2513:me? Now, if he had borrowed my money, or if he had married me and got
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:2514:my money settled on him, there might be some reason, but Hosmer was
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:2515:very independent about money and never would look at a shilling of
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:2803:“The man married a woman very much older than himself for her money,”
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:2804:said he, “and he enjoyed the use of the money of the daughter as long
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:2989:Turner, who made his money in Australia and returned some years ago to
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:3376:his money.”
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:3891:in the market, and I set myself to do a little good with my money, to
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:3913:it was I gave him without question, land, money, houses, until at last
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:4161:for him to receive letters, for his bills were all paid in ready money,
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:5090:money. He took a large villa, laid out the grounds very nicely, and
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:5101:There is no reason, therefore, to think that money troubles have been
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:5762:for £ 25. I was at my wit’s end where to get the money, but a sudden
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:5765:City under my disguise. In ten days I had the money and had paid the
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:5771:sitting still. It was a long fight between my pride and the money, but
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:5781:“Well, very soon I found that I was saving considerable sums of money.
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:6276:bird. I did not care to spend more money in a hopeless attempt at
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:6416:pay good money for a good article there should be an end of the
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:6445:“It’s merely taking your money, for I know that I am right. But I’ll
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:6675:the stone into money. But how to get to him in safety? I thought of the
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:6942:my mother’s re-marriage. She had a considerable sum of money—not less
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:6949:with him in the old ancestral house at Stoke Moran. The money which my
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:6967:and it was only by paying over all the money which I could gather
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:8121:come into a fair sum of money through my poor father’s death, I
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:8273:this way we should earn the money which would enable us to buy the
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:9154:“And how did he make his money?”
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:9905:money is in the shape of loans, where the security is unimpeachable. We
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:9920:of advancing money.’
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:9934:right to charge. But it is very essential to me that the money should
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:10027:of money. When he was young he became a member of an aristocratic club,
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:10030:heavily at cards and to squander money on the turf, until he had again
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:10092:you in money matters.’
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:10094:“‘You have been very kind,’ said he, ‘but I must have this money, or
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:10100:‘I could not bear the disgrace. I must raise the money in some way, and
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:11001:the little money which I had saved began to run short, and I was at my
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:11214:“But the money, Mr. Holmes, the money!”
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:11903:money. When she wouldn’t do it, he kept on worrying her until she got
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:12124:* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:12133:  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:12176:receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:555:Now the way that the book winds up is this: Tom and me found the money
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:557:thousand dollars apiece--all gold. It was an awful sight of money when
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:820:on, and kill the people and take their watches and money.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:919:Deacon Winn get back the money he lost on pork? Why can't the widow get
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1153:wouldn't talk without money. I told him I had an old slick counterfeit
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1158:from the judge.) I said it was pretty bad money, but maybe the hair-ball
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1282:away down the river, too. That's why I come. You git me that money
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1285:“I hain't got no money.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1289:“I hain't got no money, I tell you. You ask Judge Thatcher; he'll tell
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1309:him, and tried to make him give up the money; but he couldn't, and then
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1320:me till I was black and blue if I didn't raise some money for him. I
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1372:for Judge Thatcher in the courts to make him give up that money, and he
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1379:for him, to keep from getting a cowhiding. Every time he got money he
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1441:he would win his lawsuit and get the money if they ever got started on
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2131:'uz sich a big stack o' money she couldn' resis'. De widder she try to
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2241:I ain' gwyne to resk no mo' money in stock. De cow up 'n' died on my
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2267:money.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2275:make a raise for me. Well, Balum he tuck de money, en when he wuz in
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2277:Lord, en boun' to git his money back a hund'd times. So Balum he tuck
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2283:“Nuffn never come of it. I couldn' manage to k'leck dat money no way;
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2284:en Balum he couldn'. I ain' gwyne to len' no mo' money 'dout I see de
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2285:security. Boun' to git yo' money back a hund'd times, de preacher says!
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2293:eight hund'd dollars. I wisht I had de money, I wouldn' want no mo'.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2461:money was there they wouldn't a left it. I said I reckoned they killed
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2593:My mother's down sick, and out of money and everything, and I come to
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2644:and went boo-hooing to Judge Thatcher to get money to hunt for the
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2651:Huck's money without having to bother a long time with a lawsuit.
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2655:he'll walk in Huck's money as easy as nothing.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:2687:“Three hundred dollars is a power of money. I wish my mother could get
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:3208:“Well, then, come along; no use to take truck and leave money.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:3287:to Tom, Dick, and Harry as what he is, and slam around money the way he
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:3920:would go to saving up money and never spend a single cent, and when he
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:4053:you get help and nab them, and you can make some money by it.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:4088:Then we talked about the money. It was a pretty good raise--twenty
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:4090:now, and the money would last us as far as we wanted to go in the free
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:4429:and fifty before she got tuckered out. They wouldn't took any money for
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:5616:without money, he would get there anyway, and every time he convinced
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:5650:printing-office--horse bills--and took the money, four dollars. And he
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:6182:piece and some other money, but I reckoned I better save it, because
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:6185:opposed to spending money on circuses when there ain't no other way, but
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:6391:three nights. I never see money hauled in by the wagon-load like that
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:6436:left money laying around where he was--what did he do? He collared it.
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:6559:so much money in it, but they judged it wouldn't be safe, because maybe
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:6638:told in it where his money was hid, and how he wanted the rest of the
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:6909:money up stairs and count it before everybody--then ther' ain't noth'n
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:6924:this money, and then take and _give it to the girls_.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:6953:about it. Here, Mary Jane, Susan, Joanner, take the money--take it
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7039:“_Here_ is my answer.” She hove up the bag of money and put it in the
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7276:her of her money!
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7282:of her money!
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7295:her money. And when she got through they all jest laid theirselves
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7298:I'll hive that money for them or bust.
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7306:money, and they'd slide right out and get away with it. If she was to
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7309:money, somehow; and I got to steal it some way that they won't suspicion
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7321:anybody else take care of that money but his own self; so then I went to
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7366:all but jest this money. The people that _buys_ the property is the
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7385:“I don't think we put that money in a good place.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7394:up and put 'em away; and do you reckon a nigger can run across money and
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7441:it, and his shroud on. I tucked the money-bag in under the lid, just
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7458:money 'll be found when they come to screw on the lid. Then the king
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7534:didn't know whether the money was in there or not. So, says I, s'pose
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7842:they get that money; and the way we've fixed it the sale ain't going to
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7843:count, and they ain't going to get no money. It's just like the way
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7845:back before long. Why, they can't collect the money for the _niggers_
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7884:I says:  “There's one more thing--that bag of money.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7905:corpse laying in the coffin with that bag of money on his stomach. So
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8094:Peter Wilks--and you pays your money and you takes your choice!”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8204:object to sending for that money and letting us keep it till they prove
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8211:“Gentlemen, I wish the money was there, for I ain't got no disposition
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8213:o' this misable business; but, alas, the money ain't there; you k'n send
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8223:stairs; and when I sold 'em I hadn't missed the money yit, so they got
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8588:Don't you reckon I know who hid that money in that coffin?”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8598:“Well, you just own up, first, that you _did_ hide that money there,
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8603:if you didn't put the money there, say it, and I'll b'lieve you, and
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8609:_don't_ git mad; didn't you have it in your mind to hook the money and
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8639:up the deffisit--you wanted to get what money I'd got out of the Nonesuch
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8647:_now_ you see what you GOT by it. They've got all their own money back,
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8656:enough to forget to remember to not deny about hiding the money-bag
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8692:into somebody's house or store, or was going into the counterfeit-money
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8752:like picking up money out'n the road.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8939:I had considerable money, so I give him ten cents, but begged him to
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8941:money I had, and I hadn't had nothing to eat since yesterday. He never
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8949:“No! That old fool sold him, and never divided with me, and the money's
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:8953:that was my money. Where is he?--I want my nigger.”
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:12003:ain't got no money for to buy the outfit, and I reckon I couldn't get
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:12025:come in? Well, den, you kin git yo' money when you wants it, kase dat
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:12210:* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:12219:  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:12262:receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
node2/metamorphosis.txt:101:of hearing. Well, there’s still some hope; once I’ve got the money
node2/metamorphosis.txt:345:money that was recently entrusted to you—but I came near to giving him
node2/metamorphosis.txt:848:to earn money in quite different ways. Gregor converted his success at
node2/metamorphosis.txt:855:money with gratitude and he was glad to provide it, although there was
node2/metamorphosis.txt:883:still some money available from the old days. It was not a lot, but it
node2/metamorphosis.txt:885:Besides that, they had not been using up all the money that Gregor had
node2/metamorphosis.txt:889:He could actually have used this surplus money to reduce his father’s
node2/metamorphosis.txt:894:This money, however, was certainly not enough to enable the family to
node2/metamorphosis.txt:896:or two years, no more. That’s to say, it was money that should not
node2/metamorphosis.txt:897:really be touched but set aside for emergencies; money to live on had
node2/metamorphosis.txt:902:Gregor’s elderly mother now have to go and earn money? She suffered
node2/metamorphosis.txt:905:open window. Would his sister have to go and earn money? She was still
node2/metamorphosis.txt:910:money, Gregor would always first let go of the door and then throw
node2/metamorphosis.txt:2088:* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
node2/metamorphosis.txt:2097:  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
node2/metamorphosis.txt:2140:receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
312
