node1/node11/great_gatsby.txt:3164:with delight, and smoothed her hair, whereupon Gatsby sat down and
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:15466:was perfectly smooth upon his temples, and he had just mounted the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:15768:string of her chemise, and smoothed her hair back under her cap. That
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:19724:beautiful pink dress, that beautiful smooth hair, and she thought, “How
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:20681:Then drawing them, one after the other to her knees, smoothing their
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:24921:enough to smooth out the wrinkles of all their ancestresses, those of
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:39265:She smoothed her hair with the palm of her hand, and smiled into the
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:64306:The eye, however, has perceived no change; the immense beach is smooth
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:65955:smooth, limpid and simple surface; there was nothing incomprehensible,
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:67027:Jean Valjean did everything, smoothed away every difficulty, arranged
node1/node13/node132/node1321/les_miserables.txt:67181:shaved, combed, waked, smoothed, rubbed, brushed, cleaned on the
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:1245:inches, and the left one with the smooth patch near the elbow where you
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:1854:that this smooth-faced pawnbroker’s assistant was a formidable man—a
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:5401:He snatched it from her in his eagerness, and smoothing it out upon the
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:5701:smooth-skinned, rubbing his eyes and staring about him with sleepy
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:6130:until at last he smoothed one out, doubled it over, and read the
node1/sherlock_holmes.txt:8355:the crisp smoothness of a gravel-drive, and the carriage came to a
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:1709:by scattering dust on the place, which covered up the smoothness and the
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:4669:minute--'twas pleasure, mainly, I judged--then his face sort of smoothed
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:5049:they slid along so quiet and smooth and lovely. Here is the way we put
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:7882:the little things that smooths people's roads the most, down here below;
node2/node22/node223/node2231/huckleberry_finn.txt:9031:big yard, but mostly it was bare and smooth, like an old hat with the
node2/metamorphosis.txt:385:eight o’clock. The first few times he tried to climb up on the smooth
23
